this was the moment of an Israeli air
strike just meters from the entrance to
Al AA Hospital in central
Gaza the attack targeted two tents
housing displaced Palestinians in the
courtyard of the medical
facility we were sitting in the tents we
are defenseless civilians and displaced
people from northern Gaza suddenly the
Missile hit this tent there isn't a
single reason that could explain
targeting displaced civilians a hospital
Courtyard injured Palestinians were
brought into the hospital one of the few
in Gaza still partially functioning its
accident and emergency department is
overwhelmed journalists covering the war
had also been using the tent as a
makeshift
office they hit the tent without any
warning we were a group of journalists
with no terrorists amongst us we were
preparing our cameras and all of a
sudden the tent was hit everything went
dark with debes and rocks flying over
our
heads the healthcare system has
collapsed because of Israel's
bombardment and blockade on medical
supplies medical facilities no longer
have the capacity to treat this many
seriously injured
people hospitals and Medical Teams and
all Health sector workers must be
protected the International Community
must provide such protection the
patients the wounded and the displaced
people are in state of panic and horror
fearing that the Israeli planes will
attack the hospital again it's
horrifying everyone is terrified seeking
shelter in this hospital for more than 6
months right now nowhere is slave and
Palestinians are targeted in hospitals
in schools in makeshift tents
Palestinians do not know where to go
this is alaz ala
Hospital
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz